The prince can't talk nonsense now
His Royal Highness's authority cannot be provoked
Hmph what not to be provoked
What is he?
Without the support of my military
He's not even worth a fart
Is he targeting my prince?
Prince you but
Invasion is the general who harvests 100,000 army
The military is considerate and helps him to clean up like a palm
Before putting your beloved son on hold
Lao Chen has repeatedly emphasized
Your Highness, how much have you contributed to the country and the people?
Ah, blood and tears for the border of the building
But he's still going his own way
Lao Chen couldn't persuade him
I want to come to His Royal Highness
I'm afraid I really haven't taken you seriously
Damn thing
and
His Royal Highness would rather pass the imperial examination
Let those untouchables replace your beloved son
I'm afraid in the eyes of the prince
Your beloved son is probably not even as good as those untouchables
I'd like to see this Qi Xiu
How capable is he?
What kind of tricks can you play?
Your Highness, please calm down
These practices of His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
It really makes me uncomfortable
Especially with your beloved son
It's a pity I'm in court
Many things have no rights and no way to do
Otherwise
I must take revenge on him
There is a way to be original
Isn't His Royal Highness the Crown Prince preparing for the imperial examination?
If there is a way
Pinch the win-win situation of sending the imperial capital from all over the world
So...
His Royal Highness will be caught in a situation where there is no money to spend
Face hum hum, this imperial examination may be
Oh, dear.
Unfortunately, I don't have the right to deal with these things.
Hahahaha
Summer, you can't help it, I have it.
Haha, let me do this.
Ah hahahaha, the old prince again, eh?
Hahahahaha
Imperial examinations cost money
No money, I see how you can do it.
Last disaster
I've spent seven or eight dollars on my underwear.
The underwear has no money and can't even supply the medicine of the old emperor
The guards want me to see how you die